Make airlock docs viewable in L4 and in main docs (#241)
opensafely-core/airlock: docs/reviewing.md

Two output checkers independently review each file and record their decisions using the buttons within Airlock.
Whilst viewing a file in an Airlock release request, they have the option of: 

* **Approve** — output meets disclosure requirements and is safe to be released
* **Reject** — output is not currently acceptable for release. 

!!!warning "Retrictions for authors"
    Airlock does not permit users to approve or reject files that are part of release requests they created themselves.

## Viewing release requests on Airlock

1. Output checkers navigate to the Requests list to view all open requests
    awaiting review. Note that if an output checker is the author of a request, they
    will not see it in the outstanding requests list. 

> 1. Output checkers identify the request by workspace name and requester username.

Reviewer: Will there only ever be one active request per workspace? Or is it one active request per user in a given workspace? Maybe worth mentioning here

Author: There will only every be one active request _per user_ per workspace. It's unlikely, but possible, for different users to have a release for the same workspace.  I'll add a clarification here.

1. The files included in the request can be viewed in the file
    browser within Airlock. If required (e.g. in order to perform calculations

>     in a spreadsheet), files can also be downloaded from Airlock. Please note

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    in a spreadsheet), output checkers can also download files from Airlock. Please note
```

Reviewer: Just to make it a bit clearer this is only for output checking, not for viewing outputs

Author: I've rewritten this last point in the same style as the previous ones, and added a bit more clarification about what the download option is intended for

Two output checkers independently review each file and record their decisions using the buttons within Airlock.
Whilst viewing a file in an Airlock release request, they have the option of: 

* **Approve** — output meets disclosure requirements and is safe to be released
* **Reject** — output is not currently acceptable for release. 

!!!warning "Retrictions for authors"
    Airlock does not permit users to approve or reject files that are part of release requests they created themselves.

## Viewing release requests on Airlock

> 1. Output checkers navigate to the Requests list to view all open requests

Reviewer 2: > **After logging into Airlock, o**utput checkers navigate to the Requests

Suggest adding the bold for completeness of instructions
